the abundance of krill attracts other
visitors to the peninsula in the summer
Antarctic minke whales their pointed
heads and short dorsal fins give them
speed and endurance and they need both
there are other whales here two killers
[Music]
this is an extended family of mothers
and their young and one male with a huge
dorsal fin almost 2 meters high
[Music]
ellone minke whale
it's just what this group of killer
whales are looking for working as a team
as they have done for decades they fan
out across the street in search of their
quarry and they found it the minke races
away pursued by out riders on each flank
[Music]
terrified the minke heads from the shore
it's so desperate to escape it almost
beaches itself
[Applause]
it makes a desperate break for freedom
[Music]
[Applause]
two hours and 20 miles later the minke
is still alive and swimming strongly
it's only real defense is its endurance
but the killer's work as a team with
fresh ones replacing the outriders in
relays
and as the minke tires the battery and
the biting begins
[Music]
[Applause]
seabirds are attracted by the smell of
fresh blood rising from the water
[Music]
The Killers tried to flip the minke over
if they can manage to keep its blowhole
underwater it will drown
one forces that make his whole body down
below the surface
[Music]
and then the final strike
the team dragged the minke under for the
last time and the hunters finally can
feed
[Music]